Docs: add authorization header for MCP server based on OAuth 2.1 (#8293)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/develop/mcp/mcp_client_example.md

async with sse_client("http://localhost:9382/sse", headers={"api_key": "YOUR_KEY_HERE"}) as streams:
    # Rest of your code...
```

> Or follow the requirements of [OAuth 2.1 Section 5](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-oauth-v2-1-12#section-5) with an Authorization request header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or follow the requirements of [OAuth 2.1 Section 5](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-oauth-v2-1-12#section-5) by providing an Authorization token from your request headers:
```

```python

> async with sse_client("http://localhost:9382/sse", headers={"Authorization": "YOUR_KEY_HERE"}) as streams:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
async with sse_client("http://localhost:9382/sse", headers={"Authorization": "YOUR_LOGIN_TOKEN_HERE"}) as streams:
```
